Following documents the experience i had while installing Debian on my EeePC
701. This page servers as a reference to myself cause i rarely re format
my linux or mac boxes. Installation was smooth. All hardware  on my
eee was supported  out of the box. [[http://wiki.debian.org/DebianEeePC/][debian.org]] has a great wiki with more
instructions tips and tricks also model specific data. 

** On Mac
<literal style="html"><br></literal>

 - Plug in your USB drive.
 - Open disk utility right click on the USB drive and select info.
   Note your disk identifier.
 - Unmount the drive.( Not Eject )
 - Switch to terminal and type
<example>
sudo dd if=<full path to>/debian-eeepc.img of=/dev/<diskIdentifier>
</example>
   
Double check you disk identifier. Don't erease you main drive or
external drive.

** Booting
<literal style="html"><br></literal>

From bios change your boot priority to USB boot. Now you are ready to
boot from the USB drive you prepared.

** Installation
<literal style="html"><br></literal>

Just follow the on screen instructions, and install a basic
system. You can additional applications later.

**** Disk Arrangement
<literal style="html"><br></literal>
I have a 2 GB internal card and a 8 GB card on the reader.

 - / 2 GB (internal)
 - /home 2 GB (external)
 - /usr  5 GB (external)
 - /var  1 GB (external)

** Post Installation
<literal style="html"><br></literal>

**** X Window
<literal style="html"><br></literal>

<example>
apt-get install xserver-xorg-core
</example>

**** Gnome
<literal style="html"><br></literal>

<example>
apt-get install gnome-core
</example>

<example>
gconftool-2 -t bool -s /apps/metacity/general/reduced_resources true
</example>


**** Networking
<literal style="html"><br></literal>

<example>
apt-get install network-manager-gnome
</example>

Then open /etc/network/interfaces with your favorite editor and comment
out your wireless interface. That will let gnome network manager to
manage your network settings. If you emit this step network manager will
only show your wired network.

Back to [[index][Home]]
